we are yes my colleague one of my
colleagues here at temple college
Brent Caldwell is just a wealth of
information he knows he knows all these
facts you know that most of us don't and
so today this afternoon I thought I
really should say something about this
piece is a very old reason I had
estimated that it had been put to words
the melody that English folk melody had
been put to words probably around the
16th century in 1500 so I called him up
and this is what I learned this is the
oldest secular non-religious melody
according to documented evidence the
Greensleeves melody is an old English
folk tune has been around for a long
time and it was set to words by Martin
Luther in the 16th century what child is
this that's laid to rest Mary's lap is
sleeping that's the first line very
simple theme you know the love and a
mother has for her child
and so I started thinking about you know
all the people that I loved etc etc so I
was thinking that perhaps while we play
this beautiful simple little melody it
was arranged actually by Alfred read an
English composer he he arranged the
first four concert band in the early
1960s and then in the late
1970s he arranged it again for her
Orchestra so we think about those people
that you love and think about the fact
that if we really I don't know how to
say this love really could save the
world if as human beings we just allow
it to do that